== Please find below the minutes from 10 June 2021

Participants: Paloma Arillo Aranda (OP), Cécile Guasch (ISA2 - DIGIT), Katia Infante (ANAC), Hilde Kjolset (dfø), Giorgia Lodi (ISTC-CNR), Natalie Muric (OP), Thor Steiner Møller (dfø), Natalie Muric (OP) and Giampaolo Sellitto (ANAC).

The meeting on 8 June 2021 was cancelled.

**Topic of discussion: Value**

Natalie presents a way of analysing the business terms and the WG agrees to adopt it.
In the same document **here** you can find the discussion and decisions concerning "Value" held during the meeting.


The WG raises a question to eForms : Does BT-157 really concern to Group of Lots or Lots within a FrameworkAgreement? ‘Group of Lots’ is not mentioned in the Directives 2014/24 and 2014/25.
