== Working Group meeting 22/07/2021


*Date:* 22/07/2021 +
*Participants:* Paloma Arillo Aranda (OP), Cécile Guasch (ISA2 - DIGIT), Giorgia Lodi (ISTC-CNR) and Giampaolo Sellitto (ANAC)
*Model editor:* Eugeniu Costetchi  +
*Note editor:* Andreea Pasăre

=== Issues

==== GitHub Issues Update

The following issues were discussed and updated:

Issue 299: add specific subclasses of Concept or restrictions on Conceptschema – to check the ESPD source in that owl example.

Issue 298: revise prop naming convention – updated

Issue 297: avoid unspecific properties – updated

Issue 296: doubled restriction – updated

Issue 295: reuse more from the EC core ontologies – updated

Issue 294: dash or underscore in file name? – updated

Issue 293:  reg2015 owl-core mixes up label and namespace – to be discussed and to be updated

Issue 292:  glossary? No, “UML model” and “data dictionary” – add label ‘wiki mantenaince’

Issue 291: procedure ttl – updated

Issue 290: instead of busy term definitions use structured metadata fields – updated

Issue 289: issues related to model2owl – no comment

Issue 288: stick to the naming convention – updated and closed

Issue 287: don’t use too many namingspaces – updated add label ‘Namespace’

Issue 284: ecatalogue metadata – to be revised add label label Ecatalogue

Issue 283: has FullfillsRequirement property name –  updated

Issue 308: add headings to minutes –  label wiki maintenance

Issue 281: predicate harmonization – updated
