Please find below the minutes from 04th and 06th of February:

Participants 4/02/2020: Cécile Guasch, Thor Møller, Natalie Muric, Roberto Reale, Juan Carlos Segura, Giampaolo Sellito, Jalini Srisgantharajah, and Enric Staromiejski

Participants 06/02/2020: Paloma Arillo, Ana-Maria Babaligea, Vibeke Engesaeth, Giorgia Lodi, Thor Møller, Natalie Muric, Juan Carlos Segura, Giampaolo Sellitto and Enric Staromiejski.

**Topic of Discussion: **

Procurement Roles (https://github.com/eprocurementontology/eprocurementontology/issues/233)

*Action Point:*

* @everis: Change the mappings between the ontology and the eForms according to the proposal on procurement roles and the cagv: Agent. Try to be pragmatic. We need something urgent for discussion where the properties required by eForms can be clearly identified.
* @everis: Modify the diagrams with the inclusion of the new approach of agent and roles.
* @everis: Modify the mappings according to the new approach of Organization and agent classes.

*Topic of Discussion:*

Document metadata (https://github.com/eprocurementontology/eprocurementontology/issues/234)

*Action Point:*

* WG: Rediscuss assets after maturity of DCAT

**Topic of Discussion: **

Mappings (https://github.com/eprocurementontology/eprocurementontology/tree/v2.0.1/v2.0.1/03-Analysis%20and%20design/Mappings)

The WG checked the mappings in order to see what is pending and what is needed to be discussed after the new agreements took during the last WG meetings (roles, organization, planning, etc.).

