Please find below the minutes from the 31st of March and the 02nd of April:

Participants 31st of March: Paloma Arillo Aranda, Sofia Berenguer, Cécile Guasch, Laszlo Ketszeri, Giorgia Lodi, Thor Møller, Natalie Muric, Roberto Reale, Juan Carlos Segura, Giampaolo Sellitto, Jalini Srisgantharajh, Enric Staromiejski and Arleta Wlodarcyk.

Participants 02nd of April: Paloma Arillo Aranda, Giorgia Lodi, Natalie Muric, Roberto Reale, Juan Carlos Segura, Giampaolo Sellitto, Jalini Srisgantharajh, and Enric Staromiejski.

**Topic of Discussion: **

Organisation Roles and Subroles (https://github.com/eprocurementontology/eprocurementontology/issues/240)

*Action Points:*

- @everis check code legal-form-type. This code is not in euvocabularies. It comes from a directive. To take in the future.
- @everis apply similar mapping of the BT-165to BT-706 and BT-746.
- @everis completation of the mediation body and review body.
- @everis change the porperties that link Procedure Terms and Organization.